feat(seo): add SEO/AEO metadata (seo block + page descriptions). 5 page descriptions. (#656)
amp-labs/docs: src/overview.mdx

---
title: "Overview"
description: "Ampersand is a declarative platform for reading, writing, and subscribing to data in your customers' SaaS apps. Define your integrations once and skip the per-provider code."
---

> A single [Ampersand](https://www.withampersand.com/) integration gives the following capabilities:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Ampersand](https://www.withampersand.com/) is a platform for building deep integration with capabilities like:
```
